[FCP] [AAC-AKS] Assign Azure Policies V2 to AKS (#1)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 07-workload-prerequisites.md

   az network application-gateway http-settings update -g rg-bu0001a0008 --gateway-name $APP_GATEWAY_NAME -n aks-ingress-contoso-backendpool-httpsettings --root-certs root-cert-wildcard-aks-ingress-contoso --protocol Https
   ```

## Check Azure Policies are in place

> > :book: The app team is determined to run a secure AKS cluster. Therefore, they plan for running multiple security audits over their Pods using the [Azure Policy add-on for AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-pod-security-on-azure-policy). Some of these audits might end up in the denial of a specific Kubernetes API request operation to control the Pod's specification is compliance with the orgnization security best practices practices. Moreover in all cases, [data is generated by Azure Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/how-to/get-compliance-data) to assit the app team in the process of realizing the current compliance state of the AKS cluster. The app team is going to assign at the resource group level the [Azure Policy for Kubernetes built-in restricted initiative](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-pod-security-on-azure-policy#built-in-policy-initiatives) as well as five more [built-in individual Azure policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/policy-samples#microsoftcontainerservice) that enforce Pod's resource requests, whitelist a whell known Azure CR, allow root filesystem access in read-only mode, enforce the usage of internal load balanceri, and https-only Kuberentes Ingress objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :book: The app team wants to apply Azure Policy over their cluster like they do other Azure resources. Their pods will be covered using the [Azure Policy add-on for AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-pod-security-on-azure-policy). Some of these audits might end up in the denial of a specific Kubernetes API request operation to ensure the pod's specification is compliance with the organization's security best practices. Moreover [data is generated by Azure Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/how-to/get-compliance-data) to assist the app team in the process of assessing the current compliance state of the AKS cluster. The app team is going to assign at the resource group level the [Azure Policy for Kubernetes built-in restricted initiative](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-pod-security-on-azure-policy#built-in-policy-initiatives) as well as five more [built-in individual Azure policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/policy-samples#microsoftcontainerservice) that enforce that pods perform resource requests, define trusted container registries, allow root filesystem access in read-only mode, enforce the usage of internal load balancers, and enforce https-only Kuberentes Ingress objects.
```
